c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.Tests.dll.config
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.Tests.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.Tests.pdb
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Web.Mvc.FixedDisplayModes.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.UI.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.Domain.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.UI.pdb
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\WatDuangDee.Domain.pdb
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\bin\Debug\Ninject.xml
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\obj\Debug\WatDuangDee.Tests.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\obj\Debug\WatDuangDee.Tests.dll
c:\users\tua\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\WatDuangDee.Domain\WatDuangDee.Tests\obj\Debug\WatDuangDee.Tests.pdb
